    This is the user guide for the Department Learning Outcomes Discussion Summary
form. Be sure to fill out all of the sections you want before you click on the 
submit button at the bottom of the page. Your email address is required so that we 
can send you a copy of the awnsers you input.

Email address
-This is where you fill in your email address that you want a copy of your 
awnsers to be sent to.

Discipline Area
-This is where you input the discipline area you are going to be discussing.

Completed by
-This is where you input the name of the person filling out this form(your name).

Who was present for this discussion (list names)
-This is where you list all the names of the people that attended this 
discussion that you are filling out this form for.

Which Outcomes were discussed?
-The following sections are optional to fill out.

Courses & SLOs Assessed
-This is where you input the courses and student learning outcomes that you
assess in this meeting.

Programs & PLOs Assessed
-This is where you input the programs and program learning outcomes that you
assess in this meeting.

Looking Back
-In this section begin with a look back at summaries submitted in the prior two 
semesters, and provide here a brief follow-up on any actions taken, resources 
requested, resources received, etc.

Looking Back(input section)
-This is where you will input any notes that you want to make about previous
assessments.

The next sections are divided into three parts that have to do with describing
this assessment.

Part 1

Findings
-You will input into this section the thing learned from this assessment.

Part 2

Strategies
-Input how the findings above will be used to inform practice. 
For example: planned improvements in individual courses; department-wide trainings; 
altering the assessment; or moving the focus to a different learning outcome.

Part 3

Resources Needed
-Input what resources (if any) are needed to make the changes outlined above? 
What resources (if any) does the department need to help students meet course 
and/or program outcomes.

Notes 
-This is where you input any notes you have about the assessment.

Submit Button 
-Click this button after you are done filling out all the sections you want
and a email of your awnsers will be sent to the address you provided.